<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
		<title>DWITE • November 2007 • Floor Plan</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<header>
			<h1>DWITE Online Computer Programming Contest</h1>
			<div>
				<h2>Floor Plan</h2>
				<div>
					<div><time datetime="2007-11">November 2007</time></div>
					<div>Problem 3</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</header>
		<article>
			<p>A common way to value a house, among other things, is by the area of the rooms. Though, it could be less than trivial to accurately calculate the area of a room that is not in a standard shape. Given a floor plan diagram, with rooms of interest marked, their areas should be calculated.</p>
			<p>The input file <strong>DATA3.txt</strong> will contain two lines with one integer value each, <var>R</var>, <var>C</var>; 0 &lt; <var>R</var>, <var>C</var> ≤ 40, representing the number of <em>rows</em> and <em>columns</em> that make up the floor plan. This is followed by <var>R</var> lines showing the floor plan layout, where:</p>
			<ul>
				<li># – wall</li>
				<li>. – open space</li>
				<li>{1..5} – integers 1 to 5, marking rooms of interest</li>
			</ul>
			<p>The output file <strong>OUT3.txt</strong> will contain 5 lines. Each line will have an integer representing the area of a room of interest. The first line should contain the area of room 1, second line for room 2, etc.</p>
			<p>The area of the room is defined as 1 + number of reachable open spaces. The integer marker could appear anywhere inside the room.</p>
			<section class="sample">
				<div class="input">
					Sample Input:
					<pre><span>5
6
1###..
##4#5.
2#####
.#.#..
...#.3</span></pre>
				</div>
				<div class="output">
					Sample Output:
					<pre><span>1
6
4
1
4</span></pre>
				</div>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
