<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
		<title>DWITE • May 2010 • What is this Algebra?</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<header>
			<h1>DWITE Online Computer Programming Contest</h1>
			<div>
				<h2>What is this Algebra?</h2>
				<div>
					<div>May 2010</div>
					<div>Problem 4</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</header>
		<article>
			<p>The idea is to take a simple mathematical expression and evaluate it, following the typical order of operations (brackets before multiplication before addition). Though since too many programming languages come with “evaluate this string as expression” functions, we’ll define our operations to be somewhat different.</p>
			<p>The order will remain the same: Brackets, Exponents, Multiplication/Division, Addition/Subtraction.</p>
			<p>The operations work as expected, <em>with the exception of exponents</em>. Exponents will concatenate the two sides as if they were strings. Both numbers being joined together are taken as their absolute values (that is, negative sign dropped). Whitespace is optional.</p>
			<p>The input file <strong>DATA4.txt</strong> will contain 5 lines. Strings, no more than 255 characters in length, of well-formed expressions.</p>
			<p>The output file <strong>OUT4.txt</strong> will contain 5 integer answers to evaluated expressions.</p>
			<p><em>Reminder:</em> There <em>are</em> negative numbers involved.</p>
			<section class="sample">
				<div class="input">
					Sample Input:
					<pre>2+-1
1 + 1 * 2
(((-1)))
1^1
(1- 3)^(-8 /2)</pre>
				</div>
				<div class="output">
					Sample Output:
					<pre>1
3
-1
11
24</pre>
				</div>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
