<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
		<title>DWITE • November 2010 • Seating Arrangement</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<header>
			<h1>DWITE Online Computer Programming Contest</h1>
			<div>
				<h2>Seating Arrangement</h2>
				<div>
					<div><time datetime="2010-11">November 2010</time></div>
					<div>Problem 2</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</header>
		<article>
			<p>It’s interesting to see where people sit when entering a room of other people that they do not know. One of the strategies is that when a person enters a room, they will sit at a location that maximizes the distance between themselves and the closest other person. If multiple seats are equally far, then the person will sit closer to the entrance of the room.</p>
			<p>Here we will only be dealing with linear rooms. The seats are numbered from 1 to <var>N</var>, where 1 is the closest to the entrance and <var>N</var> is the furthest.</p>
			<p>The input file <strong>DATA2.txt</strong> will contain 5 lines, each a pair of integers 1 ≤ <var>N</var> ≤ 1000 and 1 ≤ <var>P</var> ≤ <var>N</var>, separated by a single space. <var>N</var> is the number of seats in the room; <var>P</var> is the number of people entering this room.</p>
			<p>The output file <strong>OUT2.txt</strong> will contain 5 lines, each an integer identifying the seat in which <var>P</var>th person is seating.</p>
			<p><em>Note:</em> As the first person enters an empty room, every seat is equally far away from any other person, so they pick seat 1. For a room with 5 seats, with the entrance on the left, the seats will be filled up in the following order:</p>
			<pre>H:*****
H:1****
H:1***2
H:1*3*2
H:143*2
H:14352</pre>
			<section class="sample">
				<div class="input">
					Sample Input (first 2 shown):
					<pre><span>5 2
5 4</span></pre>
				</div>
				<div class="output">
					Sample Output (first 2 shown):
					<pre><span>5
2</span></pre>
				</div>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
