<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
		<title>DWITE • April 2010 • Time for Change</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<header>
			<h1>DWITE Online Computer Programming Contest</h1>
			<div>
				<h2>Time for Change</h2>
				<div>
					<div><time datetime="2010-04">April 2010</time></div>
					<div>Problem 4</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</header>
		<article>
			<p>This question is a repeat of question 4 from round 3 in the 2008/2009 season of DWITE. Tony’s flights got rescheduled to red-eye ones for the following day, totally messing up his planned work schedule.</p>
			<p>In an attempt to make the jobs of cashiers easier (and more accurate!), let’s write a tool that will figure out the least amount of coins necessary to dispense the <em>exact</em> change.</p>
			<p>The caveat is that the tool needs to be <em>dynamic</em> and be able to work with foreign currencies.</p>
			<p>The input file <strong>DATA4.txt</strong> will contain 5 sets of input. The first line of the set will be the amount needed to be dispensed, an integer 1 ≤ <var>m</var> ≤ 100. The second line of the set will be the number of coin types, an integer 1 ≤ <var>n</var> ≤ 10. This is followed by <var>n</var> lines of coin values, each a unique integer 1 ≤ <var>c</var> ≤ 100.</p>
			<p>The output file <strong>OUT4.txt</strong> will contain 5 integers, the minimum number of coins required to make <em>exact</em> change for the input set.</p>
			<p><em>Note:</em> Being <em>greedy</em> will only give part marks. A <em>dynamic</em> solution is required to pass all 5 test cases.</p>
			<p><em>Explanation of sample input, second set</em>: There are three coin types: 25, 10, and 4 (note that input is not necessarily in descending order). It’s possible to put together an exact change for 37 in 4 coins: 25 + 4 + 4 + 4 = 37.</p>
			<section class="sample">
				<div class="input">
					Sample Input (first 2 of 5 shown):
					<pre><span>66
4
25
10
5
1
37
3
10
25
4</span></pre>
				</div>
				<div class="output">
					Sample Output (first 2 of 5 shown):
					<pre><span>5
4</span></pre>
				</div>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
