<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
		<title>DWITE • January 2010 • Verifying Distributed Work</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<header>
			<h1>DWITE Online Computer Programming Contest</h1>
			<div>
				<h2>Verifying Distributed Work</h2>
				<div>
					<div><time datetime="2010-01">January 2010</time></div>
					<div>Problem 2</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</header>
		<article>
			<p><em>Distributed Computing</em> – the use of a large network of computers to perform work together – could be an interesting field of computer science. Supercomputers are assembled as such closely connected networks. Alternatively, one could potentially create a larger network, and for cheaper, by letting individual computers contribute over a bigger network, such as the Internet (some might have heard of SETI@home). Since individual nodes are someone else’s computer that runs untrusted code, the results are also not trusted, so some verification needs to take place that the work performed is legitimate.</p>
			<p>The input file <strong>DATA2.txt</strong> will contain 5 sets of input, each beginning with a line containing an odd integer 1 ≤ <var>N</var> ≤ 7. This is followed by <var>N</var> lines of one integer each, 0 ≤ <var>R</var> ≤ 100, which are “results” for the same piece of work from <var>N</var> workers.</p>
			<p>The output file <strong>OUT2.txt</strong> will contain 5 lines, each being a decision about the work performed. If the majority of the results agree (that is, they are the same), then it is taken as <em>verified</em>. If there is no major consensus, but one result has more matches than any other result, then it is taken as <em>unverified</em>, otherwise the result is <em>unknown</em>. Print just the decision.</p>
			<p><em>Note:</em> The majority (more than half) of 1 is 1, so a single result is always “verified”.</p>
			<section class="sample">
				<div class="input">
					Sample Input:
					<pre><span>3
42
42
42
3
42
42
41
5
42
42
50
51
52
3
42
41
40
1
42</span></pre>
				</div>
				<div class="output">
					Sample Output:
					<pre><span>verified
verified
unverified
unknown
verified</span></pre>
				</div>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
