<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
		<title>DWITE • October 2010 • Planting Trees</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<header>
			<h1>DWITE Online Computer Programming Contest</h1>
			<div>
				<h2>Planting Trees</h2>
				<div>
					<div>October 2010</div>
					<div>Problem 4</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</header>
		<article>
			<p>You are considering planting trees around your house, but there are only a few good sites to do so. Furthermore, it would be best if the planted trees surrounded the house – that is, the house is within the area formed between all the trees.</p>
			<p>The input file <strong>DATA4.txt</strong> will contain 5 sets of input. Each set starts with a line containing an integer 3 ≤ <var>N</var> ≤ 30, followed by <var>N</var> lines of integer <var>X</var> <var>Y</var> pairs, −1000 ≤ <var>X</var>, <var>Y</var> ≤ 1000, describing possible plant locations. Consider the house to be a single point at location (0, 0).</p>
			<p>The output file <strong>OUT4.txt</strong> will contain 5 lines of output, each being an integer denoting the number of possible valid configurations for exactly 3 trees.</p>
			<p><em>Notes:</em> The order in which the trees are planted does not matter. The house must be <em>strictly contained</em> within the area; that is, if the house is exactly on the line between two trees, then this configuration does not count.</p>
			<section class="sample">
				<div class="input">
					Sample Input (first 2 shown):
					<pre>4
0 1
-1 -1
0 -1
1 -1
6
-1 1
0 1
1 1
-1 -1
0 -1
1 -1</pre>
				</div>
				<div class="output">
					Sample Output (first 2 shown):
					<pre>1
2</pre>
				</div>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
