<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
		<title>DWITE • November 2011 • Scratch Card</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<header>
			<h1>DWITE Online Computer Programming Contest</h1>
			<div>
				<h2>Scratch Card</h2>
				<div>
					<div>November 2011</div>
					<div>Problem 2</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</header>
		<article>
			<p>The economically questionable lottery business is making a mass-produced rectangular scratch card. It consists of a grid of hidden upper-case letters; you win by scratching letters so that they form a certain phrase, also consisting of upper-case letters. It might look like this one, where you would like to find the phrase “DWITEISAWESOMEHAHA”:</p>
			<pre>DLFKJW
FKIGDT
EKIKSA
WQEDSO
MEHAHA</pre>
			<p>You would like to mass-produce correctly scratched scratch cards to sell in the black market. To do this, you would like to have a stencil of the same size as the grid. For example, using this stencil, where “.” means “scratch” and “#” means “don’t scratch”:</p>
			<pre>.####.
##.##.
.#.#..
.#.#..
......</pre>
			<p>You obtain the correct solution:</p>
			<pre>D####W
##I##T
E#I#SA
W#E#SO
MEHAHA</pre>
			<p>Given a grid of letters and a phrase, you would like to construct a stencil to solve this puzzle. If in fact there is no solution, you should output a stencil with the letter “x” for each spot.</p>
			<p>The input file <strong>DATA2.txt</strong> will contain 5 test cases. Each test case will begin with a line of two space-separated integers 1 ≤ <var>H</var>, <var>W</var> ≤ 10, the height and width of the grid. The next <var>H</var> lines will contain <var>W</var> upper-case letters each, describing the grid of letters. The final line of each test case will be a single string of upper-case letters, the solution string.</p>
			<p>The output file <strong>OUT2.txt</strong> will contain 5 sets of stencils, as described above. You may assume that solutions are unique. Refer to the sample output’s format.</p>
			<section class="sample">
				<div class="input">
					Sample Input (first two shown):
					<pre><span>5 6
DLFKJW
FKIGDT
EKIKSA
WQEDSO
MEHAHA
DWITEISAWESOMEHAHA
2 2
AB
CD
E</span></pre>
				</div>
				<div class="output">
					Sample Output (first two shown):
					<pre><span>.####.
##.##.
.#.#..
.#.#..
......
xx
xx</span></pre>
				</div>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
