<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
		<title>DWITE • February 2009 • Working Directory</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<header>
			<h1>DWITE Online Computer Programming Contest</h1>
			<div>
				<h2>Working Directory</h2>
				<div>
					<div><time datetime="2009-02">February 2009</time></div>
					<div>Problem 3</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</header>
		<article>
			<blockquote>
				<p><strong>cd</strong>, sometimes also available as chdir (change directory), is a command-line command to change the current working directory in operating systems such as Unix, DOS, OS/2, and Windows.</p>
			</blockquote>
			<p>The input file <strong>DATA3.txt</strong> will contain 5 sets of input, 2 lines each. The first line of input will be a string representing the current location in the file system. The second will be a path to be taken relative to the starting location. All strings (including the output) will be non-empty and less than 255 characters.</p>
			<p>The output file <strong>OUT3.txt</strong> will contain 5 lines, each corresponding to the new working directory of the input set.</p>
			<p>You may assume that all directories exist and that the given paths are valid. For those unfamiliar with traversing directory structures on a computer, the key points are:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>./ – current directory</li>
				<li>../ – directory that’s a step above</li>
				<li>any_word/ – directory a step below</li>
			</ul>
			<p><em>Example:</em> If the working directory is <strong>/one/two/</strong>, it means that there is a root directory <strong>/</strong> which contains a directory <strong>one/</strong> which, in turn, contains another directory <strong>two/</strong>. If we were to change directories as follows:</p>
			<ul>
				<li><strong>./</strong> – we’d stay where we are: <strong>/one/two/</strong></li>
				<li><strong>././</strong> – we’d continue to stay in <strong>/one/two/</strong></li>
				<li><strong>../</strong> – move one above: <strong>/one/</strong></li>
				<li><strong>../../</strong> – move two above: <strong>/</strong></li>
				<li><strong>../../../</strong> – move three above. One can’t move higher than root, so the result will stay at <strong>/</strong></li>
				<li><strong>../three/./</strong> – move up one, change directory to “three”, and stay there: <strong>/one/three/</strong></li>
			</ul>
			<p><em>Sanity check:</em> The first and last character of your output will <strong>always</strong> be a forward slash (/).</p>
			<section class="sample">
				<div class="input">
					Sample Input:
					<pre><span>/
one/two/
/
one/../two/
/
one/../../../two/
/
./one/
/one/two/
.././three/four/../</span></pre>
				</div>
				<div class="output">
					Sample Output:
					<pre><span>/one/two/
/two/
/two/
/one/
/one/three/</span></pre>
				</div>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
