<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
		<title>DWITE • November 2009 • Portals Redux</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<header>
			<h1>DWITE Online Computer Programming Contest</h1>
			<div>
				<h2>Portals Redux</h2>
				<div>
					<div><time datetime="2009-11">November 2009</time></div>
					<div>Problem 5</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</header>
		<article>
			<p>Having returned to the crazy house from <a href="dwite-200712-p5.html" title="First Portals DWITE question"><time datetime="2007-12">December 2007</time></a>, this time we just want to know how well we can move between the rooms connected by portals.</p>
			<p>The input file <strong>DATA5.txt</strong> will start with two lines of one integer value each, <var>R</var>, <var>C</var>; 0 &lt; <var>R</var>, <var>C</var> ≤ 20, representing the number of <em>Rows</em> and <em>Columns</em> that make up the floor plan. These are followed by <var>R</var> lines showing the floor plan layout, where:</p>
			<ul>
				<li># – wall</li>
				<li>. – open space</li>
				<li>{a..j, A..J} – marking entrance and exit nodes of portals, respectively</li>
				<li>{1..5} – integers 1 to 5, marking points of interest</li>
			</ul>
			<p>Lower case letters mark entrance nodes, while corresponding capital
			letters mark exit nodes. That is, one can enter at point j and exit at
			point J. There will be no more than 10 portals in the floor plan.</p>
			<p>The goal is to figure out which of the points are reachable, when starting out from each of the 5 marked points.</p>
			<p>The output file <strong>OUT5.txt</strong> will contain 5 lines. The first line corresponds to starting from point 1, second line from point 2, etc. The line will begin with the corresponding <em>start node</em> and a colon, followed by a set of integers, separated by a single space, in ascending order – the other points of interest reachable from the starting point. If no other point is reachable, the output line is just the “<var>n</var>:”, <em>without trailing spaces</em>.</p>
			<p><em>Note:</em> Portals could create loops. In the sample below, room 1 leads to room 2, and room 2 has a path back to room 1. Please take care to avoid infinite loops, as those take a long time to execute.</p>
			<section class="sample">
				<div class="input">
					Sample Input:
					<pre><span>10
11
..#.1..F#Af
..#.ea..#.2
###########
5.b.#BE#..4
....#c3#.C.
###########
.........#.
.d...D...#.
##########.
...........</span></pre>
				</div>
				<div class="output">
					Sample Output:
					<pre><span>1:2 3 4
2:1 3 4
3:4
4:
5:3 4</span></pre>
				</div>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
