<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
		<title>DWITE • December 2009 • Quiz Time</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<header>
			<h1>DWITE Online Computer Programming Contest</h1>
			<div>
				<h2>Quiz Time</h2>
				<div>
					<div>December 2009</div>
					<div>Problem 1</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</header>
		<article>
			<p>Building <em>“quiz”</em> applications is a popular assignment/project/whatever task for students learning programming. There are many that type up 500+ lines of code, but trust me – we can do that in much less.</p>
			<p>The idea is that we will decouple data from code. The questions and answers themselves are not code – they are just data – and so they should live in a separate data file. As such, we only need enough actual programming to display just one question – any question read from a data file. To make things more interesting though, we’ll be reading the questions out of a data file in a <em>“random”</em> order.</p>
			<p>The input file <strong>DATA1.txt</strong> will contain 5 sets of input. Each set starts with a question line no more than 255 characters long, followed by a “random” integer which specifies which output line the question should appear on. (Since we can’t mark against actual random results, we’ll tell you what “random” values to use.)</p>
			<p>The output file <strong>OUT1.txt</strong> will contain 5 lines, which are the questions from the data file arranged in the specified order.</p>
			<section class="sample">
				<div class="input">
					Sample Input:
					<pre>question one
4
question two?
5
DWITE
2
What city is the capital of Canada?
3
meep.
1</pre>
				</div>
				<div class="output">
					Sample Output:
					<pre>meep.
DWITE
What city is the capital of Canada?
question one
question two?</pre>
				</div>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
